Docs: Reactivity (#7266)
slint-ui/slint: docs/astro/src/content/docs/guide/language/concepts/reactivity.mdx

- If you `click` anywhere  the `Rectangle` will change color.
- The `Text` elements will update their text to show the current position of the `Rectangle`.

The 'magic' here is built into the Slint language directly. There is no need to opt into this or define
specific stateful items. The `Rectangle` will automatically updates because it's `x` and `y` properties
are bound to the `mouse-x` and `mouse-y` properties of the `TouchArea` element. This was done by giving 
the `TouchArea` a name to identify it `ta` and then using the name in what Slint calls an `expression`
to track values. Its as simples as `x: ta.mouse-x;` and `y: ta.mouse-y;`. The mouse-x and mouse-y properties
are built into the `TouchArea` and automatically update as the cursor moves over them.

The `TouchArea` also has a `pressed` property that is only `true` when the cursor is pressed or clicked down.
So the ternary expression `background: ta.pressed ? orange : white;` will change the background color of the `Rectangle`
to orange when `ta.pressed` is true, or white when it isn't. 

Similarly the 2 text items are updating by tracking the rectangle's `x` and `y` position.

> ## Performance
> From a performance perspective Slint works out what properties are changed. It then finds all the expressions
> that depend on that value. These dependencies are then re-evaluated based on the new values and the UI will update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Performance

From a performance perspective, Slint works out what properties are changed. It then finds all the expressions
that depend on that value. These dependencies are then re-evaluated based on the new values and the UI updates.
```

The re-evaluation happens lazily when the property is queried.

Internally, a dependency is registered for any property accessed while evaluating a binding.
When a property changes, the dependencies are notified and all dependent bindings
are marked as dirty.

> ## Property Expressions
> Expressions can vary in complexity:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Property Expressions

Expressions can vary in complexity:
```
